Add queue consumption steps and ndjson builder (#86)
NASA-IMPACT/cloud-optimized-data-pipelines: lambdas/ndjson-builder/README.md

## ndJSON builder function

> Handler for a lambda which receieves messages from a SQSEventSource trigger containing a list of STAC JSON files. Fetch and build the data into ndJSON files, upload to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code intended to receive messages from an SQSEventSource trigger. Those messages contain a list of STAC JSON file URLs. Fetches and build the data into ndJSON files, upload to 
```

I think the messages received by the ndjson builder lambda include URLs to the STAC JSON files right? I think saying URLs makes this more explicit.
